this guy's an absolute genius so tell us
what we're going to be cooking Kosta
lean Indian indo-european they are sort
of stuffed lamb chops lamb chops my type
of food actually so explain to us we got
the lamb chops here wonderful lemon
drops yeah there's a bit too fatty for
me so it would take away a bit of the
fat yeah adventure you can ask the the
butcher to do it for you
now you wouldn't use this fat because
back home in Yorkshire use this I know a
great roast potatoes yes and uh yes
moving on and I like it as well in fact
it was quite glad that the young
wonderful builder said that she liked
Awful's oh yeah not really yes
so now there we are all right or they
are that for French and Italian trim
okay was it cold now this is this is
what we call French trim exactly so
you've got to the purchase or your
supermarket with the last touch when you
vine is getting French trimming and they
have to be quite high like this so that
you're quite loud to do yet to do such
an incision in it and leave space there
so you're making a nice little pocket
inside yet lovely pocket will be filled
now with your two special thing or look
at this okay that way we'll rescue that
one so what's gonna go inside this now
we have fontina cheese from our star
Valley which is a very lovely cheese
this is a cow's milk cheese yes I take
3d of pasture alpine pasture and so we
have sort of three we do three and if
people come by the name tennessee's
they can use greer and tree or something
melting in a in another okay then so we
filled now with the fontina right can
you cut me to pieces
pleasure not a problem and we put here
now one thing that fascinates me as well
I was in Rome last week and the markets
fascinate me oh they're so passionate
with a big madronas fabulous yeah
absolutely fabulous
I think in the UK we starting to get
appreciate because the most important
thing is to buy
good food at the beginning yeah only
like this you can have right what do you
do now oh they make can you and I can
beat that up for you know probably you
can do that then we do flour first yeah
to make sure that the egg sticks better
and so on breadcrumbs you do is fresh
bread or laser fresh I mean I would use
Venturi the dried one yeah very good as
well you let them dry first and now then
and you take away all the moisture
lovely and another one here you can
already put them in the I can put that
in every in there strain yeah fourth
coupling move that so sip sip that
wouldn't be here now when I was in Rome
as well they have a dish called is it
alla romana which is got the sage yeah a
little-little yes sage and Olivia's off
eventually but that's reveal yet yeah
little pieces of veal with them yes
lovely